Page №1
Row №1 Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Row №2 Everything was in confusion in the Oblonskys' house. The wife had discovered that the husband
Row №3 was carrying on an intrigue with a French girl, who had been a governess in their family, and she
Row №4 had announced to her husband that she could not go on living in the same house with him. This
Page №2
Row №1 position of affairs had now lasted three days, and not only the husband and wife themselves, but all
Row №2 the members of their family and household, were painfully conscious of it. Every person in the
Row №3 house felt that there was so sense in their living together, and that the stray people brought together
Row №4 by chance in any inn had more in common with one another than they, the members of the family
Page №3
Row №1 and household of the Oblonskys. The wife did not leave her own room, the husband had not been at
Row №2 home for three days. The children ran wild all over the house; the English governess quarreled with
Row №3 the housekeeper, and wrote to a friend asking her to look out for a new situation for her; the man
Row №4 cook had walked off the day before just at dinner time; the kitchen-maid, and the coachman had
Page №4
Row №1 given warning.
Row №2 Three days after the quarrel, Prince Stepan Arkadyevitch Oblonsky--Stiva, as he was called in the
Row №3 fashionable world-- woke up at his usual hour, that is, at eight o'clock in the morning, not in his
Row №4 wife's bedroom, but on the leather-covered sofa in his study. He turned over his stout, well-cared-for
Page №5
Row №1 person on the springy sofa, as though he would sink into a long sleep again; he vigorously
Row №2 embraced the pillow on the other side and buried his face in it; but all at once he jumped up, sat up
Row №3 on the sofa, and opened his eyes.
Row №4 "Yes, yes, how was it now?" he thought, going over his dream. "Now, how was it? To be sure!
Page №6
Row №1 Alabin was giving a dinner at Darmstadt; no, not Darmstadt, but something American. Yes, but
Row №2 then, Darmstadt was in America. Yes, Alabin was giving a dinner on glass tables, and the tables
Row №3 sang, Il mio tesoro--not Il mio tesoro though, but something better, and there were some sort of little
Row №4 decanters on the table, and they were women, too," he remembered.
